more harrowing stories of how people
were killed in the Hamas attacks are
still emerging one teenager who had just
celebrated her 18th birthday died after
being shot while Sheltering in the safe
room of her home in nahal Oz which is
close to the Gaza border her father was
taken hostage our correspondent Anna
Foster has been speaking to her mother
who wants the world to see what they've
been through her report contains some
distressing footage of the family being
held captive they want you to see this
footage but it is
upsetting yeah
Dad a terrified
family held at gunpoint by
herass it's shocking and upsetting to
watch but they wanted us to show their
[Music]
oral just out of of this picture lies
the lifeless body of 18-year-old Mayan
their oldest
daughter her father's hands are still
covered with her
blood it was always the nightmare of
nightmares and suddenly it was
real a war is going on around my house
and they are
inside
the Edan family isn't whole
anymore sahi is being held hostage in
[Music]
Gaza and Mayan is
dead I was to listen now there's a way
and I know that I
have as the same song from that happy
day plays she's laid to
rest but her beloved dad is Miles
[Music]
Away broken s is broken he saw his
daughter die he saw her getting shot in
her head and die next to him his
daughter that had just celebrated
turning 18 the house is full of balloons
and congratulations and
blood G invited us to be here and to
film this she wanted you to see this
moment but also the message behind it
that she is doing one of the hardest
things she's ever had to do burying her
daughter miles from home and without her
husband here by her
side
what will Taki do what will he do he he
was in his pajamas and the blood is all
covered in his daughter's blood I don't
think he has the opportunity to mourn I
want them all to come back here now not
tomorrow not the day after tomorrow I
want him here
now saki is one of more than 220 people
still held hostage in Gaza and the
message is a simple one in his family's
darkest moment they need him Anna Foster
BBC News Northern
Israel